---
layout: post_project
title: "Swimming Club - Group Project"
category: IT

meta:
  keywords: "Uni Project, Develop Web Application"

project:
  title: "Swimming Club - Group Project"
  type: "Uni Project, Develop Web Application"
  program: "CSS, Bootstrap, Python, JS, HTML, Jinja, Jira"
  loca: "-"
  year: 2024
  cover: "/images/it/project2/cover.jpg"

images:
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project2/1.jpg"
    alt: "Swimming Club"
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project2/2.jpg"
    alt: "Swimming Club"
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project2/3.jpg"
    alt: "Swimming Club"
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project2/4.jpg"
    alt: "Swimming Club"
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project2/5.jpg"
    alt: "Swimming Club"
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project2/6.jpg"
    alt: "Swimming Club"
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project2/7.jpg"
    alt: "Swimming Club"
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project2/8.jpg"
    alt: "Swimming Club"
---
<p>Click to action demo (Pythonanywhere has a time limit, and the links may not work):
    <a href="http://swimmingclubzz.pythonanywhere.com/">Swimming Club Demo</a>
    <br>
    Click to
    <a href="https://github.com/Geasssoul/Clone-COMP639S1_Group_ZZ">Github Link</a>
</p>
<div class="sub-title">Project Overview</div>
<p>The countryside community swimming club situated in a small rural township and run by the local rural community for the local rural community. The club is formed by functional complex featuring with a small of two swimming pools:</p>
<p>- Deep Pool: A various aqua aerobics classes.</p>
<p>- Land Pool: One on one swimming lessons.</p>
<p>The club's activities revolve around aqua aerobics and personalized swimming lessons, and it operates on a membership basis to serve its client.</p>
<div class="sub-title">Project Issue</div>
<p>Currently, the club are facing the challenges with its manual management system, which may lead to inefficiency, errors, management and other problems in the daily management of the club.</p>
<div class="sub-title">Project Aim</div>
<p>In order to streamline the operational efficiency, the club seeks to a develop and a management system that will facilitate a seamless interaction among members, instructors, and club managers. Streamlining the booking processes for aqua aerobics classes and swimming lessons, managing members subscriptions, enable instructors with scheduling capabilities, financial tracking, and allow managers to oversee the club’s activities effectively.</p>
<div class="sub-title">Our issues while working on the project</div>
<p>1.Since we are a small team with only 2 members, we have discussed with the product owner and agreed to focus only on high-priority tasks, according to our team's ability. Additional features will be considered based on time availability. Any related to the instructor and one-on-one lessons will be considered low priority.</p>
<p>2.Lacking a background in IT, resolving bugs has required additional time and effort.</p>
<div class="sub-title">Project Goal</div>
<p>Given the constraints of a small team comprising only two members and the completion of high-priority tasks, the project's overarching goal remains focused on delivering essential functionalities to improve operational efficiency within the Countryside Community Swimming Club. Despite limitations, the project aims to achieve the following objectives:</p>
<p>1.
Core Functionality Implementation:
Prioritize the development and implementation of high priority features essential for streamlining club operations.</p>
<p>2.
Operational Efficiency Enhancement:
Optimize existing manual processes by automating critical functions, including aqua aerobics class bookings and member subscription management, to minimize errors and improve overall efficiency.</p>
<p>3.
User Experience Improvement:
Enhance the user experience by providing members with intuitive interfaces for accessing club services, booking classes, and managing subscriptions, engaging members' satisfaction.</p>
<p>4.
Adaptability and Scalability Consideration:
Design the system with flexibility and scalability in mind to accommodate future growth and expansion.</p>
