---
layout: post_project
title: "Motel - Bruce Bay Beans Bunks - Group Project"
category: IT

meta:
  keywords: "Uni Project, Develop Web Application"

project:
  title: "Motel - Bruce Bay Beans Bunks - Group Project"
  type: "Uni Project, Develop Web Application"
  program: "CSS, Bootstrap, Python, JS, HTML, Jinja, Jira"
  loca: "Bruce Bay, South Westland, New Zealand on the Tasman Sea"
  year: 2024
  cover: "/images/it/project1/cover.jpg"

images:
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project1/1.jpg"
    alt: "Bruce Bay Beans Bunks"
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project1/2.jpg"
    alt: "Bruce Bay Beans Bunks"
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project1/3.jpg"
    alt: "Bruce Bay Beans Bunks"
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project1/4.jpg"
    alt: "Bruce Bay Beans Bunks"
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project1/5.jpg"
    alt: "Bruce Bay Beans Bunks"
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project1/6.jpg"
    alt: "Bruce Bay Beans Bunks"
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project1/7.jpg"
    alt: "Bruce Bay Beans Bunks"
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project1/8.jpg"
    alt: "Bruce Bay Beans Bunks"
  - image:
    url: "/images/it/project1/9.jpg"
    alt: "Bruce Bay Beans Bunks"
---
<p>Click to action demo (Pythonanywhere has a time limit, and the links may not work):
    <a href="https://junsunujuss.pythonanywhere.com/">Bruce Bay Beans and Bunks</a>
</p>
<div class="sub-title">Project Overview</div>
<p>Bruce Bay Beans and Bunks, formerly known as the Bruce Bay Coffee Cart, is a small family-owned business situated on the Haast Highway between Haast and Fox Glacier. The business is transitioning from a mobile coffee cart to a permanent building that will also offer simple lodging. Despite the scenic location and quality offerings, the business currently relies on an outdated, in-person only model for handling orders. As it grows, the company aims to better serve its customers, who are primarily tired tourists seeking a convenient way to pre-order coffee and snacks during their journey.
<br><br>
The business currently faces several challenges. The existing business model restricts Bruce Bay Beans and Bunks' ability to expand and effectively cater to its customers' needs. Without an online system, customers are limited to placing orders in person at the shop, which can be inconvenient. Additionally, manually keeping track of stock levels is challenging and time-consuming, increasing the risk of overstocking or running out of popular items. The shift to offering lodging necessitates the implementation of an online system to manage accommodation bookings.
<br><br>
To address these issues and facilitate business growth, the project aims to develop a user-friendly online system that allows customers to browse and order food, drinks, and merchandise, and book accommodation effortlessly. This system will streamline the management of orders and bookings, reducing errors and saving time. It will also automate inventory management, enabling real-time tracking of stock levels to ensure popular items are always available while minimising overstock issues. The integration of a secure payment gateway will include GST and support promotion code usage, enhancing customer convenience. Additionally, the system enables various administrative tasks such as account management, promotional activities, and comprehensive reporting, thus reducing the administrative load on staff and improving operational efficiency.
<br><br>
By addressing these goals, the project aims to solve the current challenges faced by Bruce Bay Beans and Bunks, ensuring a better experience for both customers and staff, and supporting the business's growth and success.</p>